feat(learner): set up `minio` (#212)
String-sg/onward: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. **Start required local services**:

   ```sh
   docker compose up -d valkey postgres minio
   ```

   > 💡 You can stop the services later with `docker compose down`.

> 5. **Set up S3 local bucket with minio**
>    1. Login to minio web browser at `http://localhost:9001`
>    2. Create a bucket
>    3. Change `S3_BUCKET` in .env with the created bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Set up bucket in MinIO**
   1. Login to MinIO console at `http://localhost:9001`
   2. Create a bucket named `onward`
```
